Fix HTTPS config and redirect #268 (#289)
spiffe/tornjak: docs/config-tornjak-server.md

The Tornjak config that is passed in must follow a specific format. Examples of this format can be found [below](#sample-configuration-files). In general, it is split into the `server` section with [general Tornjak server configs](#general-tornjak-server-configs), and the `plugins` section. 

## General Tornjak Server Configs
The server config will contain information for the two potential connections: HTTP and HTTPS. HTTPS can be configured to follow TLS or mTLS protocol. See below for sample configuration:

```hcl
server {

    spire_socket_path = "unix:///tmp/spire-server/private/api.sock" # socket to communicate with SPIRE server

    http { # required block

> 	    port = 10000 # if HTTP enabled, opens HTTP listen port at container port 10080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	    port = 10000 # if HTTP enabled, opens HTTP listen port at container port 10000
```

    }

    https { # optional, recommended block
        port = 10443 # if enabled, opens HTTPS listen port at container port 10443
        cert = "sample-keys/tls.pem" # path of certificate for TLS
        key = "sample-keys/key.pem" # path of keys for TLS
        client_ca = "sample-keys/userCA.pem" # [optional, enables mTLS] User CA 
    }

}
```

> We have two connection types that can be opened by the server simultaneously: HTTP and HTTPS. HTTP is always enabled, and requires a port configuration.  The HTTPS connection is optional, but recommended for production use case.  When HTTPS is enabled, the HTTP connection will redirect to the HTTPS URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have two connection types that are opened by the server simultaneously: HTTP and HTTPS. HTTP is always operational.  The optional HTTPS connection is recommended for production use case.  When HTTPS is configured, the HTTP connection will redirect to the HTTPS (port and service). 
```

> Under the HTTPS block, the fields `port`, `cert`, and `key` are required and enable TLS connection.  To enable mTLS, you must additionally include the `client_ca` field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the HTTPS block, the fields `port`, `cert`, and `key` are required to enable TLS connection.  To enable the mutual TLS (mTLS), you must additionally include the `client_ca` field, so the verification can be done bi-directionally. 
```
